>> Evan You: So let's go into exercise 3,
now is the time to put the previous
two exercises together, okay?
And it's actually going to
be simpler than you think.
So let's combine
the previous two functions.
So currently we have convert
function from exercise 1,
we have the autorun
function from exercise 2.
So lets rename convert into observe,
all right?
So what observe does it
just take any object,
observe it,
converting them into getters and setters.
And inside getters and setters we can do
something with dependencies, all right?
And then autorun just remains
the same from the previous exercise.
So where we're using the Dep class and
autorun function from exercise two and
then what we need to do is copy
the over convert from exercise one and
modify it so
that we hook up the Dep.depend and
Dep.notify calls into the getters and
setters.
Then when these connect,
we essentially have created an object when
we access a property it collects
dependency but call dep.depend.
And when we mutate a property
by assigning to be
it cause dep.notify to trigger changes.
Are the dots connecting now?
So this is actually how the view
update system works, okay?
So this is what we want.
Let's say we just have a state
object with count zero.
The finished implementation
should observe the state,
this will walk through the properties,
convert them into getters and setters, and
the autorun, inside all autorun,
we're still doing just a console log.
But notice here,
we're accessing state.count.
This is just a normal access.
But if we have converted
the object into getters and
setters, this will be invoking
the getter here, right?
And this is the opportunity
where we should call dep.depend.
And later on when you mutate this
state.count we are invoking the setter,
and this is where we
should call dep.notify.
So exercise 3 is just
to fill in the blanks.
So notice you can reuse most of
the code from exercise 1 and 2.
And it should be pretty
straightforward up to this point.